docs(kommander): update release notes (#3093)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/1.1/release-notes/index.md

-->

> ### Kommander 1.1.0 RC 6 - July 16th 2020

Author: ```suggestion
### Kommander 1.1.0 RC 7 - July 16th 2020
```

| Kubernetes Support | Version |
| ------------------ | ------- |
| **Minimum**        | 1.15.0  |
| **Maximum**        | 1.17.x  |
| **Default**        | 1.17.3  |

> #### Improvements

Author: ```suggestion
#### Features/Improvements
```

- Improved Grafana Dashboard Names for addons
- Improved auth token transport for managed clusters
- Updated catalog API for v1beta2 addons

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed missing Grafana home dashboard
- Smaller UX Bugs and Improvements

#### Component Versions

- Addon: `1.1.0-55`
- Chart: `0.8.41`
- auto-provisioning (yakcl): `0.1.6`
- kommaner-federation (yakcl): `0.1.6`
- kommander-licensing (yakcl): `0.1.6`
- UI: `3.126.1`
- kommander-karma: `0.3.10`
- kubeaddons-catalog: `0.1.11`
- kommander-thanos: `0.1.15`
- kubecost: `0.1.10`
- grafana: `4.6.3`

> ### Kommander 1.1.0 RC 5 - July 9th 2020

Author: ```suggestion
### Kommander 1.1.0 RC 6 - July 9th 2020
```

| **Default**        | 1.17.3  |

#### Features/Improvements

> - Add guidance on what to do when cluster deletion fails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added information  on actions to take when cluster deletion fails
```

- Allow default federated addon values to be overriden
- Attaching clusters to Kommander is now considered GA

> - Update Kubecost web urls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated Kubecost web urls
```

> - Add flag (`--skip-credentials-display`) to Kommander so Konvoy does not display login information in logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add flag (`--skip-credentials-display`) to Kommander to disable Konvoy displaying login information in logs
```

- Add ability to disable federation of monitoring stack
- Added autogenerated labels to advanced cluster create form
- Improved context handling for multiple contexts when attaching cluster

#### Bug Fixes

- Kommander Grafana was unavailable after self-attaching host cluster as managed cluster

> - Fixed a bug where Kommander addon wasnt successfully deploying on Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where Kommander addon did not successfully deploying on Azure
```
